docs(http): Add details for 304 response with examples (#30430)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/304/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`304 Not Modified`** client redirection response code indicates that there is no need to retransmit the requested resources.

> This happens when the request is a conditional {{HTTPMethod("GET")}} or {{HTTPMethod("HEAD")}} request with an {{HTTPHeader("If-None-Match")}} or an {{HTTPHeader("If-Modified-Since")}} header and the condition evaluates to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This response code is sent when the request is a conditional {{HTTPMethod("GET")}} or {{HTTPMethod("HEAD")}} request with an {{HTTPHeader("If-None-Match")}} or an {{HTTPHeader("If-Modified-Since")}} header and the condition evaluates to false.
```
